https://www.programiz.com/online-compiler/50nGFFBAqUJbl



Practice of Array for quiz

Here are 20 practice questions on arrays, linear search, binary search, and bubble sort in C++ for your practice:


---

Arrays

1. Write a program to input and display elements of an array.


2. Write a program to find the largest and smallest elements in an array.


3. Write a program to reverse the elements of an array.


4. Write a program to find the sum and average of all elements in an array.


5. Write a program to count the frequency of a specific number in an array.


6. Write a program to merge two arrays into a single array.


7. Write a program to sort an array in ascending order using any sorting algorithm.


8. Write a program to rotate an array by a given number of positions to the left.


9. Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.


10. Write a program to check if a given array is a palindrome.




---

Linear Search

11. Write a program to implement linear search to find an element in an array.


12. Modify the linear search program to count the occurrences of the target element in the array.


13. Write a program using linear search to find the smallest and largest numbers in an unsorted array.


14. Write a program to search for multiple occurrences of an element and display their indices using linear search.


15. Write a program to compare the time complexity of linear search for different sizes of arrays.




---

Binary Search

16. Write a program to implement binary search on a sorted array.


17. Modify the binary search program to return the index of the first and last occurrences of a target element.


18. Write a program to search for an element in a rotated sorted array using binary search.


19. Compare the execution time of linear search and binary search for the same input data.


20. Implement a program to find the square root of a number using binary search (approximation).




---

Bubble Sort

21. Write a program to implement the bubble sort algorithm to sort an array in ascending order.


22. Modify the bubble sort program to sort the array in descending order.


23. Write a program to count the number of swaps performed during bubble sort.


24. Write a program to optimize bubble sort by stopping if the array becomes sorted before completing all passes.


25. Write a program to sort an array of strings alphabetically using bubble sort.